Meeting documentation:
 
11/11-2024

13/11-2024

18/11-2024
Today we have discussed how to move forward with our project. We have debugged code together so that our groupmembers can solve their problems. We had discussions about vite and bundling and we made a decision to convert our project to vite. 
We are in phase. 
![Meeting #2](images/241118.png) This is a screenshot of our projectboard right now. 

**We have set a deadline for our group: 27/11**

26/11-2024
Today we decided to use JEST testing in our project. 
We are in phase for both deadlines.
![Meeting #2](images/241126.png) This is a screenshot of our projectboard right now.
